// Hell Squire Sounds
squire/sight  DSSQRSIT
squire/death  DSSQRDTH
squire/active DSDMACT
squire/pain   DSDMPAIN
squire/melee  DSCLAW

// Hell Squire Fireball Sounds
fireball/fire dsfirmfi
fireball/hit dsfirex3


// Pistol Zombie Sounds
zpistol/sight   dsposit
zpistol/active  dsposact
zpistol/pain    dspopain
zpistol/death1  dspodth1
zpistol/death2  dspodth2
zpistol/death3  dspodth3
$random zpistol/death {zpistol/death1 zpistol/death2 zpistol/death3}


// Revolver Zombie Sounds
zocelot/sight   dsposit
zocelot/active  dsposact
zocelot/pain    dspopain
zocelot/death1  dspodth1
zocelot/death2  dspodth2
zocelot/death3  dspodth3
$random zocelot/death {zocelot/death1 zocelot/death2 zocelot/death3}

// Mimic Barrel Sounds
bmimic/pain dsbspact
bmimic/death dsbspact